# Name-Matching-with-Machine-Learning-and-AI

**Intended use**
- Primary intended uses:
  - Matching customer names with lists of “bad actors”, which is a requirement for all financial institutions and a difficult problem to solve.
  - Name matching can be used to find a certain product that a customer might want to purchase (Product names online).
  - It can also be used when trying to find a local branch (Address).
  - Primary intended users: Financial institutions.
  - Out-of-scope use cases: This is solely for educational purpose for learning. Any use beyond an educational example is out-of-scope.
- Describe the business value of your group's best model
  - The best model is used for screening the customer names against watchlists of known financial criminals, terrorists, and entities subject to sanctions violations (“bad actors”). If there is a match, the bank may choose to not execute the transaction or onboard the customer.
**Training data**
- State the source of training data
  - U.S. DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY Office of Foreign Assets Control - Sanctions Programs and Information https://www.treasury.gov/ofac/downloads/sdn.csv
- State how training data was divided into training and validation data
- State the number of rows in training
  - Train data rows = 664, columns = 5
- Define the meaning of all training data columns
  - Data dictionary:
 
 |Name|Modeling Role|	Measurement Level|	Description|
  
  
 - Define the meaning of all engineered columns
  
**Evaluation data**
- State the source of evaluation (or test) data
  - Test Case generated by the Client.
- State the number of rows in evaluation (or test) data
  - 641 (without the header).
- State any differences in columns between training and evaluation (or test) data
 
**Model details**
- State the columns used as inputs in your group's best remediated model
  
- State the columns used as targets in your group's best remediated model

- State the type of your group's best remediated model

- State the software used to implement your group's best remediated model

- State the version of the modeling software for your group's best remediated model

- State the hyperparameters or other settings of your group's best remediated model

**Quantitative analysis**

- State the metrics used to evaluate your group's best remediated model

- State the values of the metrics for training, validation, and evaluation (or test) data evaluation (or test) metrics come from the most recent class full evaluation results

- Provide at least one plot or table from each weekly assignment for a total of at least six plots, that must include the global variable importance and partial dependence of your group's best remediated model.

**Ethical considerations**

- Describe potential negative impacts of using your group's best remediated model:
  - Consider math or software problems
  - Consider real-world risks: who, what, when and how?
    
- Describe potential uncertainties relating to the impacts of using your group's best remediated model:
  - Consider math or software problems
  - Consider real-world risks: who, what, when and how?

- Describe any unexpected or results encountered during training

